[MARY] This is a virtual tour of the office!
So, this is the front area—it’s kind of messy because no one has been here in weeks.
And, we got a plant wall that needs to grow into itself.
This is the Roost in the front. Eventually we will hold events here.
But, umm, right now no events can happen anywhere—so not today.
And then this is the main work area where everyone sits.
Dom’s in the middle, Marc’s at the end, Rafe sits over here.
And it’s an open area. Eventually you will be able to come here.
And then we have three conference rooms.
This is the first one. We’ve got gorgeous wallpaper.
And they are named after the streets that our offices have been on.
And then we added in colors because no one could remember which room was which.
So…
This is the green room.
This is the yellow room, slash Kearny.
I’ve set up camp in here.
Oh! These are lithographs from all of our offsites.
Owlbert going around the United States and world.
Aannndddd…
Yeah, I’ll try to speed it up ‘cause now this is getting long.
Um, this is the final-
Look at those plants. Look at that light.
And then this is the kitchen area. We have team lunches over here.
Kitchen…
…space!
For all the snacks. Right now snack supply is running low.
We’ve got a phone booth for calls.
And then a hang out area. And the restrooms in the back.
We have a Switch.
YEAH
And, um, overall there are a bazillion owls in the office.
As you will see.
Polaroids from, like, all of the million things we’ve done.
We did, like, painting these owls.
And then the ReadMe values.
Yeah. So that's the office.
Can’t wait to have you come here in person.